c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mousegame\mousegame\bin\Windows\Debug\mousegame.exe
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mousegame\mousegame\bin\Windows\Debug\mousegame.pdb
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mousegame\mousegame\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mousegame\mousegame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mousegame\mousegame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mousegame\mousegame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mousegame\mousegame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mousegame\mousegame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mousegame\mousegame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mousegame\mousegame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mousegame\mousegame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mousegame\mousegame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mousegame\mousegame\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mousegame\mousegame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mousegame\mousegame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mousegame\mousegame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mousegame\mousegame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mousegame\mousegame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mousegame\mousegame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mousegame\mousegame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mousegame\mousegame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mousegame\mousegame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mousegame\mousegame\obj\x86\Debug\mousegame.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mousegame\mousegame\obj\x86\Debug\mousegame.exe
c:\users\matthew\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\mousegame\mousegame\obj\x86\Debug\mousegame.pdb
C:\Users\Matthew\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mousegame\mousegame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\blackDot.png
C:\Users\Matthew\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mousegame\mousegame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\blackUp.png
C:\Users\Matthew\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mousegame\mousegame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\blueDot.png
C:\Users\Matthew\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mousegame\mousegame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\cyanDot.png
C:\Users\Matthew\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mousegame\mousegame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\cyanUp.png
C:\Users\Matthew\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mousegame\mousegame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\greenDot.png
C:\Users\Matthew\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mousegame\mousegame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\greenUp.png
C:\Users\Matthew\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mousegame\mousegame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\orangeDot.png
C:\Users\Matthew\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mousegame\mousegame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\orangeUp.png
C:\Users\Matthew\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mousegame\mousegame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\redDot.png
C:\Users\Matthew\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mousegame\mousegame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\gameFont.xnb
C:\Users\Matthew\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mousegame\mousegame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\orangeSquare.png
C:\Users\Matthew\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mousegame\mousegame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\mousegameSS.png
C:\Users\Matthew\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\mousegame\mousegame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Graphics\mouse.png
